CLDR-18608 Announce Japanese era removal (#4921)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/downloads/cldr-48.md

### V49 advance warnings

- There is too much uncertainty in the exact values for pre-Meiji Japanese eras,
and there is feedback that the general practice for exact dates is to use Gregorian for pre-Meiji dates.
These are slated for removal in a future release.

> Please file a ticket if you use this data. [CLDR-11400]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please add a comment to [CLDR-11400] if you use this data.
```

I'd prefer that they comment on the existing ticket instead of filing a new one. Unless there's a reason they shouldn't?
